Updates for mc RELEASE.2024-06-20T14-50-54Z (#1279)
minio/docs: source/administration/server-side-encryption/server-side-encryption-sse-s3.rst

- :kes-docs:`Fortanix SDKMS <integrations/fortanix-sdkms/>`
- :kes-docs:`Google Cloud Secret Manager <integrations/google-cloud-secret-manager/>`
- :kes-docs:`HashiCorp Vault <integrations/hashicorp-vault-keystore/>`
- :kes-docs:`Thales CipherTrust Manager (formerly Gemalto KeySecure) <integrations/thales-ciphertrust/>`

.. include:: /includes/common/common-minio-kes.rst
   :start-after: start-kes-play-sandbox-warning
   :end-before: end-kes-play-sandbox-warning

This procedure requires the following components:

- Install :mc:`mc` on a machine with network access to the source deployment. 
  See the ``mc`` :ref:`Installation Quickstart <mc-install>` for instructions on downloading and installing ``mc``.

- Install :kes-docs:`MinIO Key Encryption Service (KES) <>` on a machine with internet access. 
  See the KES :kes-docs:`Getting Started <tutorials/getting-started/>` guide for instructions on downloading, installing, and configuring KES.

1) Create an Encryption Key for SSE-S3 Encryption
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Use the :kes-docs:`kes <cli>` command line tool to create a new External Key (EK) for use with SSE-S3 Encryption.

> Issue the following command to retrieve the root 

Reviewer: I'm not sure why GitHub won't let me suggest this and the following line together. I was going to join them as well.
```suggestion
The following command retrieves the root 
```

   :width: 100%

   * - ``KES_CLIENT_KEY``
     - The private key for an :kes-docs:`identity <concepts/#authorization>` on the KES server.
       The identity must grant access to at minimum the ``/v1/create``, ``/v1/generate``, and ``/v1/list`` :kes-docs:`API endpoints <concepts/server-api/>`. 
       This step uses the ``root`` identity for the MinIO ``play`` KES sandbox, which provides access to all operations on the KES server.

   * - ``KES_CLIENT_CERT``
     - The corresponding certificate for the :kes-docs:`identity <concepts/#authorization>` on the KES server.
       This step uses the ``root`` identity for the MinIO ``play`` KES sandbox, which provides access to all operations on the KES server.

> Issue the following command to create a new |EK| through the :kes-docs:`KES CLI <cli/kes-key/create/>`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following command creates a new |EK| through the :kes-docs:`KES CLI <cli/kes-key/create/>`:
```
